Spongebob: What do you usually do when I'm gone? Patrick: Wait for you to get back.
Well, it may be stupid, but its also dumb.
Spongebob: Aw, cheer up, Squid! It could be worse! Patrick: Yeah. You could be bald and have a big nose.
Squidward: You mean you've never heard the story of the hash-slinging slasher? SpongeBob: The slash-bringing hasher? Squidward: The hash-slinging slasher. SpongeBob: The sash wringing the trash thinging mash flinging the flash springing, bringing the the crash thinging the Squidward: Yes. The hash-slinging slasher
Squidward: Do you have to stand so close? You're making me claustrophobic! Patrick: What does claustrophobic mean? Spongebob: I think it means hes afraid of Santa Claus. Patrick:Ho, Ho,Ho! Spongebob: Stop it, Patrick! You're scaring him!
Well, its no secret that the best thing about a secret is secretly telling someone your secret, thereby adding another secret to their secret collection of secrets, secretly.
Gary, I'm absorbing his blows like I'm made of some sort of spongy material
Spongebob: guess what day today is? Patrick: annoy Squidward day? Spongebob: no silly! thats on the 15!
I wumbo, you wumbo, he-she-me wumbo. Wumboing, wumbology, the study of wumbo! Its first grade Spongebob
Dumb people are always blissfully unaware of how dumb they really are(drools)
Squidward, your ceiling is talking to me.
Patrick: *with candy on his mouth* All right! Which one of you flatfoots stole my lollipop? *Spongebob, the cops, and Patrick laugh* I mean it!
Holographic Meatloaf? My favorite!
Spongebob: Run Mr. Krabs! Run like you're not in a coma!
Patrick: Oh, barnacles!
Spongebob: Quick, Patrick, without thinking: if you could have anything right now, what would it be? Patrick: Um more time for thinking.
Spongebob: Excuse me, sir, but you're sitting on my body, which is also my face.
Too bad SpongeBobs not here to enjoy Spongebob not being here.
meatball meatball spaghetti underneath, ravioli ravioli great barrier reef
Gary, what are you doing here? YOURE CAUSING A SCENE!!!
We've been smeckledorfed!
you taste like glass
SpongeBob: There it is. The finest eating establishment ever established for eating. The Krusty Krab, home of the Krabby Patty, with the Help Wanted sign on the front. I've waited years for this moment. I'm gonna go in there, march straight up to the manager, look at him straight in the eye, lay it on the line, and  I can't do it!
Oh well, I guess I'm not wearing any pants today!
SpongeBob: I knew a guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guys cousin
Its not just any boulder..its a ROCK!
Spongebob: No, Gary. I like wearing my underwear like this!
SpongeBob: Were not doing so well, Patrick. We need a new approach, a new tactic. Patrick: Umm, I got it. Lets get naked!
The inner machinations of my mind are an enigma
You're a man now, SpongeBob, and its time you started acting like one.
Don't genius live in lamps?
Where in Squidward's body, no wonder it smells funny in here.
Moss always points to civilization.
The maniacs in the MAILBOX!
I am the master at Kara-tay.
See, no one says cool anymore. Thats such an old person thing. Now we say coral, as in That nose job is so coral.
SpongeBob SquarePants: Hi, Kevin. I'm your biggest fan. Kevin the Sea Cucumber: Thats nice. Security! SpongeBob SquarePants: No, no! Ill do anything you want! Kevin the Sea Cucumber: Go jump off a building. [SpongeBob jumps off building, returns] SpongeBob SquarePants: Anything. Kevin the Sea Cucumber: Punch yourself in the face. [SpongeBob punches himself with a boxing glove] Kevin the Sea Cucumber: Doesnt that hurt? SpongeBob SquarePants: [Puts on a metal gauntlet with spikes] Do you want it to hurt, Kevin?
Patrick: Careful, Spongebob; Careful Spongebob. Spongebob careful. Careful Spongebob! Spongebob: Patrick Patrick: Yeah? Spongebob: Its already open. Patrick: Oh
Can you give Spongebob his brain back, i had to borrow it for the week
Patrick: Is Sandy the one I call Mom? SpongeBob: No Patrick, thats your mother.
Nonsense, my vocabulary is infinitely expanding!
Patrick: [to a random squid] are you Squidward? SpongeBob: [to a random squid] Are you Squidward? Patrick: Are you Squidward? [to a fire hydrant] Fire Hydrant: Patrick: Thats okay, take your time.
Squidward? Squidward! The sky had a baby from my cereal box!
You can't fool me. I listen to public radio!
Its a vast swirling wonderland of sparkling white pleasure. Let it fill your senses with cascading fluffy pillows of excitement, and comfort, as you've never felt before.
Can I have everybodys attention? I have to use the bathroom.
Police: If you can't do the time, don't do the crime. [locks SpongeBob and Patrick in jail cell and opens it again after a second] Okay, times up. Now get out! SpongeBob: But we stole a balloon! Police: Yeah, on free balloon day!
Spongebob: Whats better than serving up smiles? Squidward: being dead or anything else
if I were to die right now in a fiery explosion due to carelessness of a friend. Then it would just be alright
Spongebob: I'm Dirty Dan. Patrick: No, I'm Dirty Dan. Spongebob: What makes you think you can be Dirty Dan? Patrick: I'm dirty.
Good people don't rip other peoples arms off.
Spongebob: Wow, Patrick, I didn't know you spoke bird. Patrick: No, Spongebob, thats Italian
Did you hear about the goldfish that went bankrupted? Now hes a bronzefish.
Isn't this great Squidward? Just you & me together for hours and hours and hours! And then the sun'll come up, and it'll be tomorrow, and we'll still be working! It'll be just like a sleepover! Only well be sweaty and covered with grease!
Thats it mister! You just lost your brain privileges!
Plankton: 1% Evil, 99% Hot Gas.
Don't you DARE take the name of Texas in vain.
a five letter word for happiness...money
Who you callin pinhead?!
I guess hibernation is the opposite of beauty sleep!
Patrick: Is mayonnaise an instrument? Squidward:No, Patrick, mayonnaise is not an instrument. [Patrick raises hand] Squidward: Horseradish is not an instrument either.
Sponge, I'm a big man. A big, big man!
Insurance is what I need for a Crabby Patty.
Spongebob doesn't have hair. Or does he?
Mr. Krabs: [Attempting to convince SpongeBob to give him a hat] I didn't want to tell you this in front of Patrick, but that hat makes you look like a girl. SpongeBob: Am I a pretty girl?
Patchy the Pirate: I can't believe I lost the lost episode. I've never lost anything in my life! Potty: What about your leg? Patchy the Pirate: Well, the leg Potty: And the eye. Patchy the Pirate: And the eye Potty: And your hand! Patchy the Pirate: And my oh, stop it!
Don't we look vicious and bloodthirsty?
SpongeBob: [to Bubble Buddy] Woo! Shake it! Shake it!Yeah! Shake that bubble butt!
Oh! I didn't realize it was happy hopping moron day!
I'm dirty dan-no I'm dirty dan-I'm dirty dan-I'm dirty daaan.
Psst, Squidward, I'm working in the kitchen, at night! Hey Squidward, guess what? I'm chopping lettuce, at night! Look at me, I'm swabbing the bathroom at night! OW I burned my hand! at night!
SpongeBob: Patrick! Your genius is showing!! Patrick: [covers his area] *GASP!* Where?!
Oh my god! A floating shopping list! Ahhh!
Spongebob: Hey Patrick.. I know something funnier than 24! Patrick: Yeah? Spongebob: 25! Both: HAHAHAHAHAHA!
Try one of those radioactive sludge balls you call food? Next, I suppose you'll want me to go square-dancing with Patrick!
pants ripped off. Huh? Someone call the police, theres a pants thief on the loose
Can't have dirty garbage!
Did I Patrick? Did I? Or did your criminal mind hypnotize me to steal it?
SpongeBob: Hey, Patrick, are you angry too? Patrick: Yeah! SpongeBob: Whats the matter? Patrick: I can't see my forehead!
Ya'll better apologize, or Ill be on you like ugly on an ape.
Sandy: Don't you have to be stupid somewhere else? Patrick: Not until 4
Do instruments of torture count? 
We shall never deny a guest even the most ridiculous request
More soup for your arm pit?
SOAPSOAPWHAT IS SOAP?
No Gary, I don't get colds I get the suds.
SpongeBob: Cheer up, Squidward! It could be worse! Patrick: Yeah! You could be bald and have a big nose!
Spongebob: Hey Patrick, what am I? Patrick: uhhhh stupid? Spongebob: No I'm Texas Patrick: What's the difference?
Squidward: Spongebob I have a confession to make[takes off hat] SpongeBob: you're bald?! Squidward: No I'm not bald, I'm alive! Now get rid of this tombstone and tell your friends to go home!
There once was a man from Peru who dreamed he was eating his shoe. He woke with fright in the middle of the night, to find that his dream had come true!
Don't stand too close to a squirrel, Billy. You'll catch its stupid.
You're nothing but pure evil! Just like the newspaper comics!
Yeah, uhh, I'm with the pet hospital down the street and I understand you have a dying animal on the premises
I had 4 biscuits and then I ate one. Then I only had 3!
Seaweed: 50% sea, 50% weed.
Stupid inflatable pants!
Now you must develop a taste for free-form jazz
Patrick: Liar, liar, plants for hire! SpongeBob: Its pants on fire Patrick. Patrick: Yeah well, you would know, liar.
Patrick: are they laughing at us? Spongebob: no, Patrick. They're laughing next to us
Mr Krabs: I'm not cheap Squidward: you just tried to rip a guys arm of for a penny
ITS AN ALASKIN BULL WORM!!!
I have checks, with little poodles on them.
Put those eyeballs back in your head, son!
We don't really have these powers! The powers are in the costumes. Why else would we wear underwear over our pants?
Maybe a story will cheer you up. (picks up SpongeBob and seats him) Its called The Ugly Barnacle. Once there was an ugly Barnacle. He was so ugly that everyone died. The End.
Squidward, your ceiling is talking to me.
We'd better do what he says he knows how to grow food.
My ice cream! Its alive! AAAAHHHHHHH!
Will you please stop leaving your undergarments on my front lawn?
Squidward: I have a theory, people talk loud when they wanna act smart, right? Plankton: (shouts) CORRECT! 
Either you (a) put the dime in me pants, (b) put the dime in me pants, or (c) put the dime in me pants!
What has four wings and flies? A garbage truck!
Thats it mister! You just lost your brain privileges!
Patrick! You forgot how to eat again! Come on, well get the funnel
The Krusty Krab Pizza, is the Pizza for you and me!
Squidward I used your clarinet to unclog my toilet!
I'm so cold, I can use my nose drippings as chopsticks.
Oh well, I guess I'm not wearing any pants today!
Squidward, you're steaming. You're like a steamed vegetable, only smarter.
You mean what we thought they thought we think and thought they thought?
Isn't this great Squidward? Its just the 3 of us. You, me, and this brick wall you built between us
SpongeBob: [Singing] Squidward is my best friend in the world. Squidward is my best friend in the sea. Squidward Patrick: [Cutting in] likes Patrick more than SpongeBob. Spongebob:And Patrick is a stinky, dirty, rotten, friend-stealer!!!
Patrick: Aw, fish paste!
SpongeBob and Patrick: Aw, tartar sauce!
Spongebob: I'm ready! I'm ready! I'm ready!
Spongebob: I'm ugly and I'm proud! I'm ugly and I'm proud!! I'm ugly and I'm proud!
Hey Squidward. Hey Squidward. Hey Squidward. Hey Squidward.
You'll never beat me, I'm HYDRODYMAMICALY DESIGHNED!
Patrick: Okay,SpongeBob, you can be Dirty Dan. I just want to be Patrick!